# Model Variables

This also doubles as the response format variables.

#### `streams`

The names of the streams.

#### `time`

The time steps of the model.

#### `technologies`

The names of the converters.

#### `techs_without_grid`

The names of the converters without the grid.

#### `storages`

The names of the storages.

#### `output_streams`

The output stream names.

#### `demands`

The names of the output streams that are demanded.

#### `techs`

The converters that are non-solar and not the grid.

#### `solar_techs`

The names of the solar converters.

#### `disp_techs`

The names of the dispatch converters.

#### `roof_tech`

The names of the roof technologies.

#### `part_load`

The names of the converters that have a part load.

#### `energy_imported`

The energy that is sent into a converter per time step.

#### `energy_exported`

The energy that is exported to the grid per time step.

#### `capacities`

The capacity of each tech.

The capacity could either be a constant value or it could be a
variable.

#### `is_installed`

Is a converter installed?

This is optimized for if the capacity is a variable. If the converter's
capacity is a constant, it is assumed to be installed.

#### `is_on`

Whether a converter is turned on at a time step.

This is only adjusted for techs that can be turned on and off.

#### `total_cost`

The total cost of the model.

#### `operating_cost`

The operating cost of the model.

#### `maintenance_cost`

The maintenance cost of the model.

#### `income_from_exports`

The income that is generated by selling excess energy to the grid.

#### `investment_cost`

The investment cost of the converters and storages.

#### `total_carbon`

The total carbon produced by the model.

#### `energy_to_storage`

The energy sent to the storage at each time step.

#### `energy_from_storage`

The energy taken from a storage at each time step.

#### `storage_level`

The energy level in each storage at each point in time.

Time steps are not points in time, but time intervals. Time step 0 is
from time 0 up to, but not including, time 1. Time step 1 is from
time 1 up to time 2, and so on.
But for storages, we measure the level at each point in time. So for
time step 0, we are measuring it at that point in time. The level
for time step 1 is at time point 1, and so on.
So we need an additional time "step" to measure the level after
everything has happened in the last time step.

```
    time step 0   time step 1   time step 2
         |             |             |
  |-------------|-------------|-------------|---...
time 0        time 1        time 2        time 3
```

#### `storage_capacity`

The capacity of each storage.

It can either be a constant value or a variable.

#### `CONVERSION_EFFICIENCY`

The conversion efficiency for each stream each converter.

For example, a converter that takes in Gas and outputs Elec at 100%
efficiency has a -1 for Gas and 1 for Elec stream.

#### `MAX_CHARGE_RATE`

The maximum charge rate of each storage.

This is a constant factor of the charge coming into the storage at each
time step.

#### `MAX_DISCHARGE_RATE`

The maximum discharge rate of each storage.

This is a constant factor of the charge coming out of the storage at
each time step.

#### `STORAGE_STANDING_LOSSES`

The decay rate for each storage.

For example, if the decay rate was 0.01 then the storage retains 99% of
its storage level for each time step.

#### `CHARGING_EFFICIENCY`

The charging efficiency for each storage.

#### `DISCHARGING_EFFICIENCY`

The discharging efficiency for each storage.

#### `MIN_STATE_OF_CHARGE`

The minimum amount of energy the storage must have per time step.

#### `PART_LOAD`

The part load of each tech if it has it.

#### `CARBON_FACTORS`


#### `MAX_CARBON`


#### `LINEAR_CAPITAL_COSTS`


#### `FIXED_CAPITAL_COSTS`


#### `LINEAR_STORAGE_COSTS`


#### `OPERATING_PRICES`

The price of each fuel.

#### `FEED_IN_TARIFFS`

The export price of each fuel.

#### `OMV_COSTS`


#### `TIME_HORIZON`


#### `BIG_M`


#### `INTEREST_RATE`

The interest rate of the model.

#### `MAX_SOLAR_AREA`

The roof area of the model.

#### `LOADS`

The amount of energy demanded at each time step.

#### `SOLAR_EM`

The amount of solar irradiation per time step.

#### `NET_PRESENT_VALUE_TECH`

The ratio for the net present value of each converter.

#### `NET_PRESENT_VALUE_STORAGE`

The ratio for the net present value of each storage.

